docs: Add split_when parameter to split_event processor (#12818)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/split-event.md

| `field`          | String  | The event field to be split.                                                           |
| `delimiter_regex`| String  | The regular expression used as the delimiter for splitting the field.                         |
| `delimiter`      | String  | The delimiter used for splitting the field. If not specified, the default delimiter is used.  |

> | `split_when`     | String  | A [conditional expression]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/) that determines whether the processor will be run on the event. If the condition evaluates to `false`, the event passes through unchanged. Default is `null` (all events are processed). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `split_when`     | String  | A [conditional expression]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/) that determines whether the processor is applied to the event. If the condition evaluates to `false`, the event remains unchanged. Default is `null` (all events are processed). |
```

{"query" : "source", "some_other_field" : "abc" }
```

## Conditional splitting with split_when

> You can use `split_when` to conditionally apply the split based on event content. This is useful in multi-tenant pipelines where only certain events should be split.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `split_when` to conditionally apply the split based on event content. This is useful in multi-tenant pipelines where only certain events should be split. In the following example, the `split_event` processor only splits events in which the `body` field contains a new line character. Events without new lines remain unchanged:
```

```yaml
split-event-pipeline:
  source:
    http:
  processor:
    - split_event:
        field: body
        delimiter: "\n"
        split_when: 'contains(/body, "\n")'
  sink:
    - stdout:
```
{% include copy.html %}

> In this example, the `split_event` processor only splits events where the `body` field contains a newline character. Events without newlines pass through unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
